
[dylan: content for artist:  evil minded metal phoenix]


picture[still deciding which one to use]

bio:[don't say bio though, just the text below]
iindecisive[link] teams up with ill-natured[link]  to form this dynamic duo.  think about it....

albums

deadloopcantdie(out of print) [2005]

01 levels
02 keyshift
03 helios meets syedea
04 galactic rapture
05 atlantien slant cannon
06 mega g 
07 loneliest man
08 leo's revenge
09 raw itch
10 pageturner
11 even monks change
12 tiger's tooth

year of the fire boar -ep- [2007]

01 dead miles on the sabbath [intro]
02 phantoms
03 smoke with me
04 mirrors & gems 
05 crazy copp
06 knowledge is power
07 dead miles on the sabbath [outro]


[note to dylan]  the only thing that should be displayed on the artist page when you first get there are the album titles (and release years i guess) the titles should be a link to a sub-page that then the picture of the artist changes to the picture of the album cover and the song list is then displayed (maybe where the album list was) ... also I'm still figuring out which songs to have playable.. i'll send em over soon... but this is basically it for evil minded metal phoenix, and the format for all artist profiles....    also I'm trying to figure out, because when they click the album title in an artist profile we want it to stay in that profile and then go to the songs for that album, so people can listen right there.../ but also it seems like there should be a link for that album to a place it can be bought online (maybe a "buy this album" link as well)   but another also is maybe a link to the catalog area (store area, i like catalog though,since this will be a comprehensive list of all fall reign releases in an area separate from the artists, enabling someone to browse through all albums)... but maybe actually we don't need a link to the catalog area from the artist pages yeah that's unnecessary, maybe just a catalog link from the homepage next to the others (artists, gallery, etc...)  OK man, anyway sorry about the ranting format, but it actually kind of works the best for me, and maybe you can see my thought process that way :) 

I'm just gonna start sending stuff like this anytime i get a chance, easier for me than doing it all at once... alright dylan talk to you soon... peace.
